{
  "comments": [
    {
      "unresolved": false,
      "key": {
        "uuid": "b019831a_23f3642a",
        "filename": "/PATCHSET_LEVEL",
        "patchSetId": 1
      },
      "lineNbr": 0,
      "author": {
        "id": 17685
      },
      "writtenOn": "2024-03-08T15:50:27Z",
      "side": 1,
      "message": "This was discussed on release meeting and also an RFE [1] was sent to ML. Looks good to me, but let\u0027s wait for the CI to finish.\n\n[1] https://lists.openstack.org/archives/list/openstack-discuss@lists.openstack.org/thread/LM7O4WMGDRDBDSTGAFT2U5VTVPWDLYEI/",
      "revId": "4f0d8d4547325dca6c4f408921b7e31bd1cc194d",
      "serverId": "4a232e18-c5a9-48ee-94c0-e04e7cca6543"
    }
  ]
}